it/vizzarro/torganizer/repository/TeamRepo.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.repository.TeamRepo
it/vizzarro/torganizer/utils/jsend/IndexableJSendDataObject.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.utils.jsend.IndexableJSendDataObject
it/vizzarro/torganizer/models/TypeTournament.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.models.TypeTournament
it/vizzarro/torganizer/configuration/WebConfig.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.configuration.WebConfig
it/vizzarro/torganizer/utils/jsend/BasicJSendDataObject.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.utils.jsend.BasicJSendDataObject
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.utils.jsend.BasicJSendDataObject$MapBasicJsendDataObject
it/vizzarro/torganizer/repository/GameFormulaRepo.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.repository.GameFormulaRepo
it/vizzarro/torganizer/service/model/MatchSO.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.service.model.MatchSO
it/vizzarro/torganizer/service/TournamentService.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.service.TournamentService
it/vizzarro/torganizer/models/TournamentStatus.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.models.TournamentStatus
it/vizzarro/torganizer/service/model/GameFormulaSO.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.service.model.GameFormulaSO
it/vizzarro/torganizer/swagger/SwaggerConfiguration.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.swagger.SwaggerConfiguration
it/vizzarro/torganizer/service/ServiceException.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.service.ServiceException
it/vizzarro/torganizer/controllers/DatabaseLoader.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.controllers.DatabaseLoader
it/vizzarro/torganizer/service/TournamentServiceImpl.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.service.TournamentServiceImpl
it/vizzarro/torganizer/utils/jsend/JSendResponseStatus.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.utils.jsend.JSendResponseStatus
it/vizzarro/torganizer/models/Game.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.models.Game
it/vizzarro/torganizer/repository/RoundMatchRepo.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.repository.RoundMatchRepo
it/vizzarro/torganizer/repository/ModeTournamentSpecification.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.repository.ModeTournamentSpecification
it/vizzarro/torganizer/configuration/DatabaseConfig.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.configuration.DatabaseConfig
it/vizzarro/torganizer/service/io/RoundMatchRequest.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.service.io.RoundMatchRequest
it/vizzarro/torganizer/repository/MatchRepo.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.repository.MatchRepo
it/vizzarro/torganizer/repository/TournamentRepo.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.repository.TournamentRepo
it/vizzarro/torganizer/models/TeamType.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.models.TeamType
it/vizzarro/torganizer/utils/jsend/JSendResponse.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.utils.jsend.JSendResponse
it/vizzarro/torganizer/utils/jsend/JSendStatus.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.utils.jsend.JSendStatus
it/vizzarro/torganizer/service/model/ModeTournamentSO.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.service.model.ModeTournamentSO
it/vizzarro/torganizer/utils/jsend/jackson/JacksonDataObjectDeserializer.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.utils.jsend.jackson.JacksonDataObjectDeserializer
it/vizzarro/torganizer/models/Tournament.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.models.Tournament
it/vizzarro/torganizer/utils/jsend/JSendConversionException.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.utils.jsend.JSendConversionException
it/vizzarro/torganizer/repository/TournamentSpecification.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.repository.TournamentSpecification
it/vizzarro/torganizer/utils/jsend/WritableIndexableJsendDataObject.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.utils.jsend.WritableIndexableJsendDataObject
it/vizzarro/torganizer/utils/jsend/JSendDataObject.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.utils.jsend.JSendDataObject
it/vizzarro/torganizer/service/model/RoundMatchSO.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.service.model.RoundMatchSO
it/vizzarro/torganizer/service/model/TournamentSO.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.service.model.TournamentSO
it/vizzarro/torganizer/models/GameFormula.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.models.GameFormula
it/vizzarro/torganizer/repository/ModeTournamentRepo.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.repository.ModeTournamentRepo
it/vizzarro/torganizer/service/model/BaseDomainSO.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.service.model.BaseDomainSO
it/vizzarro/torganizer/controllers/TournamentOrganizerController.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.controllers.TournamentOrganizerController
it/vizzarro/torganizer/utils/jsend/JSendData.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.utils.jsend.JSendData
it/vizzarro/torganizer/utils/jsend/utils/JSendUtils.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.utils.jsend.utils.JSendUtils
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.utils.jsend.utils.JSendUtils$1
it/vizzarro/torganizer/service/ServiceBase.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.service.ServiceBase
it/vizzarro/torganizer/utils/jsend/jackson/JacksonJsendDataObject.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.utils.jsend.jackson.JacksonJsendDataObject
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.utils.jsend.jackson.JacksonJsendDataObject$1
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.utils.jsend.jackson.JacksonJsendDataObject$JacksonIndexableJsendDataObject
it/vizzarro/torganizer/models/RoundMatch.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.models.RoundMatch
it/vizzarro/torganizer/models/ModeTournament.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.models.ModeTournament
it/vizzarro/torganizer/models/BaseDomain.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.models.BaseDomain
it/vizzarro/torganizer/configuration/SecurityConfig.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.configuration.SecurityConfig
it/vizzarro/torganizer/models/Image.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.models.Image
it/vizzarro/torganizer/controllers/DomainController.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.controllers.DomainController
it/vizzarro/torganizer/repository/RoundMatchSpecification.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.repository.RoundMatchSpecification
it/vizzarro/torganizer/service/CrudServiceImpl.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.service.CrudServiceImpl
it/vizzarro/torganizer/service/GameFormulaService.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.service.GameFormulaService
it/vizzarro/torganizer/service/GameFormulaServiceImpl.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.service.GameFormulaServiceImpl
it/vizzarro/torganizer/service/ModeTournamentService.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.service.ModeTournamentService
it/vizzarro/torganizer/repository/RoundMatchFilter.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.repository.RoundMatchFilter
it/vizzarro/torganizer/service/RoundMatchService.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.service.RoundMatchService
it/vizzarro/torganizer/service/ModeTournamentServiceImpl.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.service.ModeTournamentServiceImpl
it/vizzarro/torganizer/repository/GameFormulaSpecification.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.repository.GameFormulaSpecification
it/vizzarro/torganizer/repository/GameFormulaFilter.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.repository.GameFormulaFilter
it/vizzarro/torganizer/service/MatchService.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.service.MatchService
it/vizzarro/torganizer/service/BaseFilter.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.service.BaseFilter
it/vizzarro/torganizer/repository/TournamentFilter.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.repository.TournamentFilter
it/vizzarro/torganizer/repository/MatchFilter.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.repository.MatchFilter
it/vizzarro/torganizer/service/RoundMatchServiceImpl.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.service.RoundMatchServiceImpl
it/vizzarro/torganizer/repository/ModeTournamentFilter.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.repository.ModeTournamentFilter
it/vizzarro/torganizer/controllers/TournamentController.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.controllers.TournamentController
it/vizzarro/torganizer/service/CrudService.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.service.CrudService
it/vizzarro/torganizer/repository/PartecipantFilter.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.repository.PartecipantFilter
it/vizzarro/torganizer/repository/PartecipantRepo.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.repository.PartecipantRepo
it/vizzarro/torganizer/models/Partecipant.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.models.Partecipant
it/vizzarro/torganizer/models/Match.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.models.Match
it/vizzarro/torganizer/service/PartecipantServiceImpl.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.service.PartecipantServiceImpl
it/vizzarro/torganizer/service/MatchServiceImpl.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.service.MatchServiceImpl
it/vizzarro/torganizer/TorganizerApplication.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.TorganizerApplication
it/vizzarro/torganizer/controllers/PartecipantController.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.controllers.PartecipantController
it/vizzarro/torganizer/models/Team.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.models.Team
it/vizzarro/torganizer/service/model/PartecipantSO.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.service.model.PartecipantSO
it/vizzarro/torganizer/service/PartecipantService.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.service.PartecipantService
it/vizzarro/torganizer/repository/PartecipantSpecification.java
 it.vizzarro.torganizer.repository.PartecipantSpecification
